feat(changelog): environmental-footprint-added-environmental-footprint-c 2025-02-26 (#4500)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/february2025/2025-02-26-environmental-footprint-added-environmental-footprint-c.mdx

---
title: Environmental Footprint Calculator now available for Apple silicon servers!
status: added
date: 2025-02-26
category: environmental-footprint
product: environmental-footprint
---

Scaleway’s Environmental Footprint Calculator now supports Apple silicon dedicated servers. 

You can now track the environmental impact of your Apple servers with the same level of transparency as Elastic Metal.

> The estimated impact is now displayed directly on the order page, and monthly environmental reports, including CO₂ emissions and water usage, are available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The estimated impact is now displayed directly on the order page. Monthly environmental reports, including CO₂ emissions and water usage, are also available.
```

> Start tracking your impact today! Check out your environmental reports in the console.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Start tracking your impact today! Check out your environmental reports in the [Scaleway console](https://console.scaleway.com).
```

---

> title: Environmental Footprint Calculator now available for Apple Silicon servers!

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
title: Environmental Footprint Calculator now available for Apple silicon servers!
```

status: added
date: 2025-02-26
category: environmental-footprint
product: environmental-footprint
---

> Scaleway’s Environmental Footprint Calculator now supports Apple Silicon dedicated servers. 🎉

Reviewer 3: Il a pas eu une discussion sur l'ajout d'émojis dans les changelog que créait des soucis d'affichage dans la console ?

You can now track the environmental impact of your Apple servers with the same level of transparency as Elastic Metal.

> 🔍 What’s new?

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
What’s new?
```

> ✅ Estimated impact displayed directly on the order page

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
✅ Estimated impact displayed directly on the order page.
```

> ✅ Monthly environmental reports including CO₂ emissions and water usage

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
✅ Monthly environmental reports including CO₂ emissions and water usage.
```

> Scaleway’s Environmental Footprint Calculator now supports Apple Silicon dedicated servers. 🎉
> 
> You can now track the environmental impact of your Apple servers with the same level of transparency as Elastic Metal.
> 
> 🔍 What’s new?
> ✅ Estimated impact displayed directly on the order page
> ✅ Monthly environmental reports including CO₂ emissions and water usage
> 
> Start tracking your impact today! 🌍 Check out your environmental reports in the console. 🚀

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Scaleway’s Environmental Footprint Calculator now supports Apple silicon dedicated servers. 

You can now track the environmental impact of your Apple servers with the same level of transparency as Elastic Metal.

The estimated impact is now displayed directly on the order page, and monthly environmental reports, including CO₂ emissions and water usage, are available.

Start tracking your impact today! Check out your environmental reports in the console.
```

> Start tracking your impact today! 🌍 Check out your environmental reports in the console. 🚀

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Start tracking your impact today! Check out your environmental reports in the console.
```
